the Babylon
here's gerrae looking photonics from all
his body strength to try and hold off
the challenge then
plessis telugu his son driver and
Fernando Torres is following up and
Liverpool have taken the lead
instinctive from tourists but it was a
magnificent hit initially by Damien
places
terrific shot which was Perry bummer
Gregor the Rangers goalkeeper and
Fernando Torres doing what he does best
just mopping up that and ensuring year
that Liverpool have taken the lead
speak about the confidence of youth and
blesses the twenty-year-old the midfield
there is only in his second season with
Liverpool he played a couple of games
then the Premier League at the end of
last season but he's switching the
preseason fixtures and he's showing that
he's ready to make the step up as well
because it hasn't looked out of place
and that was some effort from the
operating as a right-back
Furman in the central midfield giving
away there by which again isn't God
it's in God wanna go what a magnificent
go
from severe anger the 19 year old on as
a second half substitute here for
Liverpool and at the moment Robbie Keane
the 20 million pound man he's being
overshadowed
he has made its horrific impact
never any doubt in his mind Rangers just
backed off and a gap emerge for him and
it was an alluring finish from the
youngster Davide Gauguin Liverpool now
lead by two goals to nil
Liverpool who've spent heavily in the
summer is showing as well that's their
scouting Network across Europe is
producing results too
the neatest the moment unmoved
goddess made a big impression so far
cousin actually of as your Allen boom
song French international defender
joined up with Liverpool at the Swiss
training camp
and God
the Republican to stretch the advantage
when they've really stretched McGregor
but they've got that let go
simple in the end for your side better
you
we only got a tampon McGregor to get to
the initial shot
during what was almost a carbon copy of
the first gun when the ball bounced away
from the goalkeeper Liverpool poised to
take advantage
and God just helping the ball on its way
and it was been iron it was the quickest
to reactant
today he'll never feel now
the substitutes during the
on that occasion Cristiano Matthew
we've just added to ease the ball on
Chris Boyd has come on the Rangers
Rangers who've labor to create chances
as along sir
Rangers too casual
to say that he will be a penalty kick
what Broadwood can't believe it Nemeth
me I'm carrying that he was going
through and it did look very elaborate
it did very much look as though
that was a deliberate attempt to win the
advantage and just look at the reaction
from Broadfoot
well there was contact it's a question
of whether Neroni had control of the
ball at that stage I think he knew that
he lost control of the ball snatched the
ball back to live it was a chance now to
make it for when he's done just that
Rangers then caught out really having
surrendered possession to Alonso
traffic penalty has to be said by the
Spaniard shall be along sir
but Broadfoot still shaking his head in
disbelief wondering